Update incorrect geolocation description (#9115)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/native-hardware-user-location/index.md

---
layout: post
title: User Location

> subhead: The Geolocation API lets you discover, with the user's consent, the user's location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subhead: The Geolocation API lets you discover the user's location, given their consent.
```

You can do both from Chrome DevTools.

1. [Open Chrome DevTools](/web/tools/chrome-devtools/#open).

> 2. Press `Esc` to [Open the Console Drawer](/web/tools/chrome-devtools/console/#open_as_drawer).
> 3. [Open the Console Drawer menu](/web/tools/chrome-devtools/settings#drawer-tabs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Press <kbd>Esc</kbd> to [Open the Console drawer](/web/tools/chrome-devtools/console/#open_as_drawer).
3. [Open the Console drawer menu](/web/tools/chrome-devtools/settings#drawer-tabs)
```
